Okay, so I skimmed over your chapter on the plane today. Overall...
I can see it definitely needs revision. :) But since it's your first
draft, I won't comment on structure, organization, irrelevant spec
quotes, and repetition. :p Here's a summary of the major issues I
found while skimming through it.

Issue 1
-------

The first major error is the assertion that flex items shrink to
zero. This isn't true per spec. They have an implied minimum size,
so in most cases their contents won't overflow. Blink doesn't
implement this yet, so that's probably why you've got the wrong
impression... But this shows up over and over in your chapter.

Did we end up going over the minimum size section together?
I can't remember. If not, feel free to set up a call with me if
you think that'll help.

Issue 2
-------

Along those lines, please make sure you test multiple browsers!
There are a lot of things that aren't quite consistent in the
Flexbox implementations, which means there's a lot of bugs.
Don't base your book on those bugs!

Issue 2
-------

I noticed on the second page, after the inline-flex diagram,
that your explanation is targetted at someone who is migrating
from floats. I think for a Definitive Guide, that's not the
best approach. Start from a blank slate, for someone who
doesn't have a history with pre-Flexbox CSS. And if you want,
include a little side note for the people who have lived by
hacking floats.

Issue 3
-------

"If your site has writing-mode: horizontal-tb, the main-axis
of the content for row should actually be vertical."

This is totally wrong. horizontal-tb is standard English writing.
If you have vertical-rl, *then* it'll be vertical!

"though this is not yet supported in browsers"

I'm very sad about the state of Blink. But have you tried IE?

Issue 4
-------

I'm not sure how you want to do this, but I'd recommend encouraging
'flex-flow' over 'flex-direction' + 'flex-wrap'. It'll prevent
people that only set 'flex-direction' from unexpectedly getting
wrapping when it cascades in from some previous declaration.

Issue 5
-------

I'd leave out the special alignment behavior of abspos items.
It's a little shaky right now...

Issue 6
-------

Please, please move the definitions of flex-shrink/grow/basis
properties into an appendix or something. Or at the end of
the section almost as an aside "by the way, there are some
longhands, but don't use them [unless you want to get yourself
into trouble]". You can have nice subsections explaining what
each of the components mean, identical to what you have already
describing the longhands, but it's better for everybody if we
pretend 'flex' has no longhands inasmuch as possible. :)

Issue 7
-------

"When set to auto, or omitted, the flex basis is the main-size of
the node had the element not been turned into a flex item."

This statement isn't really correct. Well. It's correct as long
as the main-size property isn't auto. If it is auto, then you
might get a rather different basis than the size if it wasn't a
flex item.

Also, pick either "element" or "node" (I recommend "element")
and stick to it. :) You're using both in this sentence to mean
the same thing.

Issue 8
-------

"Any value .. even 0.1, means the flex item can grow"

Okay, yes, that's technically true as they'll grow somewhat,
but your diagram is completely wrong. Values between 0 and 1
do not take up all of the free space. They used to, but then
the transition between 0 and not-0 wasn't continuous, so we
changed the behavior to be continuous from 0 to 1. Again,
test in Firefox; Chrome hasn't implemented this yet.
(I really should go harass biesi about that next week...)

Issue 9
-------

"Items with the same ordinal group .. as it appeared in the
source code."

These three sentences are great, but I think they deserve a
little more up-front attention. Like being in the first or
second paragraph of the section, rather than 2.5 pages later.
And I'd add a reminder to authors right after them to keep
the source order meaningful, and only use the order property
for visual rearrangement, rather than logical reordering.

(I know you cover this a bit more in depth later in the
section, but this much at least, I think, should go up front
since it's a key reason the property exists and the main
determinant of whether it should be used.)

Miscellaneous
-------------

A few minor things:

 * In the first paragraph, suggest switching "reorder" to "rearrange",
   as I think it gives a more correct connotation. We want people to
   think of reordering as a visual rearrangement, not a logical
   reordering.

 * "Flexbox works on an axis grid system". I think the use of "grid"
   here is going to be confusing. Leave grid to Grid Layout. :)

 * For 'display', your diagrams of flex vs. inline-flex really
   emphasizes differences in their sizing. But that's not really
   the important thing. The important thing is the inline-ness
   vs. block-ness, i.e. what happens when you have multiple such
   things as siblings. The sizing is a side-effect, and while
   currently it might be something to exploit, in the near future
   we should have width keywords that'll let you choose the two
   sizing methods ('fill-available' and 'fit-content') without
   changing the display.

 * I'm not sure "also known as the container box" is a good term
   here. The CSS specs don't use it -- they are always careful to
   specify "flex container", because we also have "block containers"
   and "grid containers". Is there a reason you need this?

 * I think your diagrams for flex-wrap are a little misleading
   because they show a perfect grid layout. But flex doesn't
   create a grid unless you happen to have identically-sized
   content inside it. I'd recommend using variable-size content
   to show off that there are rows *or* columns, but not both
   simultaneously.

 * "flex lines are only as tall as they need to be to contain
   their flex containers" You meant flex items here.

 * "White-space only text nodes..." Might want to mention that
   this behavior is just like white space between blocks.

Good luck with the book! Maybe find a friend and finish perusing
the spec with a whiteboard and pester me with any questions. :)
And let me know if you want me to formally tech-edit your chapter
down the line (I'm sure your editor can set something up).

~fantasai